[UNIT] New unit on a Agentic RAG use case (Unit 3) (#378)
huggingface/agents-course: units/en/unit3/agentic-rag/tools.mdx

```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="langgraph">

```python
from langchain_community.tools import DuckDuckGoSearchRun

search_tool = DuckDuckGoSearchRun()
results = search_tool.invoke("Who's the current President of France?")
print(results)
```

Expected output:

```
Emmanuel Macron (born December 21, 1977, Amiens, France) is a French banker and politician who was elected president of France in 2017...
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

## Creating a Custom Tool for Weather Information to Schedule the Fireworks

> Remember that we need to make sure the fireworks are not cancelled due to bad weather?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The perfect gala would have fireworks over a clear sky, se need to make sure the fireworks are not cancelled due to bad weather.
```

        {"condition": "Clear", "temp_c": 25},
        {"condition": "Windy", "temp_c": 20}
    ]
    # Randomly select a weather condition
    data = random.choice(weather_conditions)
    return f"Weather in {location}: {data['condition']}, {data['temp_c']}°C"

# Initialize the tool
weather_info_tool = FunctionTool.from_defaults(get_weather_info)
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="langgraph">

```python
from langchain.tools import Tool
import random

def get_weather_info(location: str) -> str:
    """Fetches dummy weather information for a given location."""
    # Dummy weather data
    weather_conditions = [
        {"condition": "Rainy", "temp_c": 15},
        {"condition": "Clear", "temp_c": 25},
        {"condition": "Windy", "temp_c": 20}
    ]
    # Randomly select a weather condition
    data = random.choice(weather_conditions)
    return f"Weather in {location}: {data['condition']}, {data['temp_c']}°C"

# Initialize the tool
weather_info_tool = Tool(
    name="get_weather_info",
    func=get_weather_info,
    description="Fetches dummy weather information for a given location."
)
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

## Creating a Hub Stats Tool for Influential AI Builders

> Alfred can impress influential AI builders by discussing their most popular models. We'll create a tool to fetch model statistics from the Hugging Face Hub based on a username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In attendance at the gala are the who's who of AI builders. Alfred wants to impress them by discussing their most popular models, datasets, and spaces. We'll create a tool to fetch model statistics from the Hugging Face Hub based on a username.
```
